feat(rocsparse): Add Blocked ELL format support to dense to sparse conversion. (#9236)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocsparse/CHANGELOG.md

Documentation for rocSPARSE is available at
[https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocSPARSE/en/latest/](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocSPARSE/en/latest/).

## (Unreleased) rocSPARSE 5.0.0

### Added

> * Add Blocked ELL format support to `rocsparse_dense_to_sparse` routine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added Blocked ELL format support to `rocsparse_dense_to_sparse` routine.
```

> * Add `rocsparse_bell_set_pointers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `rocsparse_bell_set_pointers`.
```

Reviewer: If this is just for supporting BELL support, do we want to combine this with the last entry? If not, do we want to add more description to this function?

Author: Ok I have combined them into one statement

## (Unreleased) rocSPARSE 5.0.0

### Added
* Added Blocked ELL format support to the `rocsparse_dense_to_sparse` routine, including the new `rocsparse_bell_set_pointers` function to set the Blocked ELL array pointers.

### Resolved issues

> * Fixed `rocsparse_spmm` with Blocked ELL sparse format which was previously not computing the correct result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with `rocsparse_spmm`, which produced incorrect results for the Blocked ELL sparse format.
```
